---
title: Terms and Conditions
---

BY VISITING (INSERT YOUR WEB ADDRESS), YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR
TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

### Overview

The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to (INSERT YOUR BUSINESS
NAME). The term the “Site” refers to (INSERT YOUR WEB ADDRESS). The
terms “user,” “you,” and “your” refer to site visitors, customers,
and any other users of the site.

(DESCRIBE THE SERVICE YOU PROVIDE ON YOUR WEBSITE. EXAMPLES, A BLOG,
DIGITAL PRODUCTS FOR SALE, PHYSICAL PRODUCTS FOR SALE, MEMBERSHIP
SITE, ETC.) (the “Service”).

Use of (INSERT YOUR WEB ADDRESS), including all materials presented
herein and all online services provided by (INSERT YOUR BUSINESS
NAME), is subject to the following Terms and Conditions. These Terms
and Conditions apply to all site visitors, customers, and all other
users of the site. By using the Site or Service, you agree to these
Terms and Conditions, without modification, and acknowledge reading
them.

### Use of the Site and Service

To access or use the Site, you must be 18 years of age or older and
have the requisite power and authority to enter into these Terms and
Conditions. Children under the age of 18 are prohibited from using
the Site. Information provided on the Site and in the Service
related to [insert subject matter] and other information are subject
to change. [insert your company name] makes no representation or
warranty that the information provided, regardless of its source
(the “Content”), is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or
error-free. [insert your company name] disclaims all liability for
any inaccuracy, error, or incompleteness in the Content.

### Account Creation

In order to use the Service, you may be required to provide
information about yourself including your name, email address,
username and password, and other personal information. You agree
that any registration information you give to [insert your company
name] will always be accurate, correct, and up to date. You must not
impersonate someone else or provide account information or an email
address other than your own. Your account must not be used for any
illegal or unauthorized purpose. You must not, in the use of the
Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction.

### Lawful Purposes

You may use the Site and Service for lawful purposes only. You agree
to be financially responsible for all purchases made by you or
someone acting on your behalf through the Site. You agree to use the
Site and to purchase services or products through the Site for
legitimate, non-commercial purposes only. You shall not post or
transmit through the Site any material which violates or infringes
the rights of others, or which is threatening, abusive, defamatory,
libelous, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene,
profane, or otherwise objectionable, contains injurious formulas,
recipes, or instructions, which encourages conduct that would
constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or
otherwise violate any law.

### Refusal of Service

The Services are offered subject to our acceptance of your order or
requests. We reserve the right to refuse service to any order,
person or entity, without the obligation to assign reason for doing
so. No order is deemed accepted by us until payment has been
processed. We may at any time change or discontinue any aspect or
feature of the Site or Service, subject to us fulfilling our
previous responsibilities to you based on acceptance of your
payment.

### Order Confirmation<sup>2</sup>


We will email you to confirm the placement of your order and with
details concerning product delivery. In the event that there is an
error in this email confirmation, it is your responsibility to
inform us as soon as possible.

### Cancellations, Refunds, & Returns<sup>2</sup>

(INSERT YOUR REFUND POLICY, FOR EXAMPLE, NO RETURNS WILL BE ACCEPTED
14 DAYS AFTER PURCHASE, ETC.)

### Product Description

We endeavor to describe and display the Service as accurately as
possible. While we try to be as clear as possible in explaining the
Service, please do not accept that the Site is entirely accurate,
current, or error-free. From time to time we may correct errors in
pricing and descriptions. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel
any order with an incorrect price listing.

### Material you Submit to the Site

You shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on the Site
any artwork, photos, or other materials (collectively “Materials”)
protected by copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right
without the express written permission of the owner of the
copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right, and the burden of
determining that any Materials are not so protected rests entirely
with you. You shall be liable for any damage resulting from any
infringement of copyrights, trademarks, or other proprietary rights,
or any other harm resulting from such a submission. For all
Materials submitted by you to the Site, you automatically represent
or warrant that you have the authority to use and distribute the
Materials, and that the use or display of the Materials will not
violate any laws, rules, regulations, or rights of third parties.

### Intellectual Property Rights to your Materials

We claim no intellectual property rights over the material you
supply to [insert your company name]. You retain copyright and any
other rights you may rightfully hold in any content that you submit
through the Site or Service. Content you submit to [insert your
company name] remains yours to the extent that you have any legal
claims therein. You agree to hold [insert your company name]
harmless from and against all claims, liabilities, and expenses
arising out of any potential or actual copyright or trademark
misappropriation or infringement claimed against you. By posting
material on the Site, you grant us a worldwide, nonexclusive,
irrevocable license to use the material for promotional, business
development, and marketing purposes.

### Our Intellectual Property

The Site and Service contain intellectual property owned by [insert
your company name], including trademarks, copyrights, proprietary
information, and other intellectual property. You may not modify,
publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create
derivative works from, distribute, display, reproduce or perform, or
in any way exploit in any format whatsoever any of the Site or
Service

Content or intellectual property, in whole or in part, without our
prior written consent. We reserve the right to immediately remove
you from the Service, without refund, if you are caught violating
this intellectual property policy.

### Changed Terms

We may at any time amend these Terms and Conditions. Such amendments
are effective immediately upon notice to you by us posting the new
Terms and Conditions on this Site. Any use of the Site or Service by
you after being notified means you accept these amendments. We
reserve the right to update any portion of our Site and Service,
including these Terms and Conditions, at any time. We will

post the most recent versions to the Site and list the effective
dates on the pages of our Terms and Conditions.

### Limitation of Liability

YOU AGREE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY,
OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICE.
ADDITIONALLY, [INSERT YOUR COMPANY NAME] IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES
IN CONNECTION WITH (I) ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION,
DENIAL OF SERVICE, ATTACK, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN
OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, OR LINE OR SYSTEM
FAILURE; (II) LOSS OF REVENUE, ANTICIPATED PROFITS, BUSINESS,
SAVINGS, GOODWILL OR DATA; AND (III) THIRD PARTY THEFT OF,
DESTRUCTION OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, OR USE OF
YOUR INFORMATION OR PROPERTY, REGARDLESS OF OUR NEGLIGENCE, GROSS
NEGLIGENCE, FAILURE OF AN ESSENTIAL PURPOSE AND WHETHER SUCH
LIABILITY ARISES IN NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER THEORY
OF LEGAL LIABILITY. THE FOREGOING APPLIES EVEN IF [INSERT YOUR
COMPANY NAME] HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF OR COULD HAVE
FORESEEN THE DAMAGES. IN THOSE STATES THAT DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR THE DAMAGES, OUR LIABILITY
IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST POSSIBLE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. IN NO
EVENT SHALL [INSERT YOUR COMPANY NAME]’S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU
EXCEED THE TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE SERVICE YOU HAVE PURCHASED
FROM [INSERT YOUR COMPANY NAME], AND IF NO PURCHASE HAS BEEN MADE BY
YOU [INSERT YOUR COMPANY NAME]’S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL
NOT EXCEED $100.

### Third Party Resources

The Site and the Service contain links to third party websites and
resources. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or
liable for the availability, accuracy, content, or policies of third
party websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do
not imply any endorsement by or affiliation with [insert your
company name]. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume
all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.

### Indemnification

You shall indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any and
all losses, damages, settlements, liabilities, costs, charges,
assessments, and expenses, as well as third party claims and causes
of action, including, without limitation, attorney’s fees, arising
out of any breach by you of any of these Terms and Conditions, or
any use by you of the Site or Service. You shall provide us with
such assistance, without charge, as we may request in connection
with any such defense, including, without limitation, providing us
with such information, documents, records, and reasonable access to
you, as we deem necessary. You shall not settle any third party
claim or waive any defense without our prior written consent.

### Effect of Headings

The subject headings of the paragraphs and subparagraphs of this
Agreement are included for convenience only and shall not affect the
construction or interpretation of any of its provisions.

### Entire Agreement; Wavier

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and
[insert your company name] pertaining to the Site and Service and
supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements,
representations, and understandings between us. No waiver of any of
the provisions of this Agreement by [insert your company name] shall
be deemed, or shall constitute, a waiver of any other provision,
whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing
waiver. No waiver shall be binding unless executed in writing by
[insert your company name].

### Notices

All notices, requests, demands, and other communications under this
Agreement shall be in writing and properly addressed as follows:

(INSERT YOUR MAILING ADDRESS AND, IF DESIRED, YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS)

Governing Law; Venue, Mediation

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed
by, the laws of the State of [insert your state] as applied to
contracts that are executed and performed entirely in [insert your
state]. The exclusive venue for any arbitration or court proceeding
based on or arising out of this Agreement shall be [insert your
county] County, insert your state]. The parties agree to attempt to
resolve any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or
relating to this Agreement by mediation, which shall be conducted
under the then current mediation procedures of The CPR Institute for
Conflict Prevention & Resolution3 or any other procedure upon which
the parties may agree. The parties further agree that their
respective good faith participation in mediation is a condition
precedent to pursuing any other available legal or equitable remedy,
including litigation, arbitration, or other dispute resolution
procedures.

### Recovery of Litigation Expenses

If any legal action or any arbitration or other proceeding is
brought for the enforcement of this Agreement, or because of an
alleged dispute, breach, default, or misrepresentation in connection
with any of the provisions of this Agreement, the successful or
prevailing party or parties shall be entitled to recover reasonable
attorney’s fees and other costs incurred in that action or
proceeding, in addition to any other relief to which it or they may
be entitled.

### Severability

If any term, provision, covenant, or condition of this Agreement is
held by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, void, or unenforceable, the rest of the Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected,
impaired, or invalidated.

### Assignment

These Terms and Conditions bind and inure to the benefit of the
parties’ successors and assigns. These Terms and Conditions are not
assignable, delegable, sublicenseable, or otherwise transferable by
you. Any transfer, assignment, delegation, or sublicense by you is
invalid.

_Updated: (INSERT MONTH AND YEAR)_